Developers all over the world use CircleCI, and we’re actively building a welcoming and supportive community together. This community forum is intended to be a space of learning and collaboration, and we are all responsible for ensuring this forum is useful, kind, and strong.

CircleCI is dedicated to providing an open, welcoming and harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion (or lack thereof), or technology choices. When participating in CircleCI's Discuss forum, we ask that you show your fellow community members, partners, competitors, customers, and CircleCI staff the same respect and courtesy you would show them when meeting face-to-face. Sexual language and imagery is not appropriate for any meetup, including its talks and online presence. Meetup participants violating these rules may be sanctioned or expelled from the meetup at the discretion of the meetup organizers.

Harassment includes offensive verbal or written comments related to gender, gender identity and expression, age, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race, ethnicity, religion, technology choices, sexual images in public spaces, deliberate intimidation, stalking, following, harassing photography or recording, sustained disruption of talks or other events, inappropriate physical contact, and unwelcome sexual attention. In addition to the above, any messages that are obscene, vulgar, sexually-oriented, hateful, threatening, or otherwise in violation of any laws are not allowed. Participants asked to stop any harassing behavior are expected to comply immediately.

If a participant engages in harassing behavior, the meetup organizers may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender, expulsion from the meetup, or depending on the violation, a permanent ban at the discretion of CircleCI staff.

If you are being harassed, notice that someone else is being harassed, or have any other concerns, please contact a CircleCI community organizer immediately. To report harassment via email, you can email the organizers at devrel@circleci.com.

Original source and credit: http://2012.jsconf.us/#/about & The Ada Initiative. This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License
